you
I'm starting off with NYX jumbo eye
shadow pencil in cottage cheese for a
base it's kind of a shimmery but white
kind of face just so it brings out the
color a little bit more you make
everything so damn easy so easy that I
don't got to worry I'm going to be using
this medium purple medium light purple
I'm gonna be using the one from the wire
south quad but you can use any medium
purple and you're gonna put this all
over your crease
sitting on a June bug
maybe using a darker purple i'll be
using this one and you want to put this
on the outer corner of your eyes I'm
going to sweep it into your crease while
sweeping in words to the College your
crease you want to go about halfway in
and then you want to blend it out up
near the top
tell me you don't love me tell me don't
feel the same way that I do tell me I
don't made you smile like I do when you
walk into your soul so hard
using the same guy purple I'm using an
angled eyeliner brush tool I'm top of it
you got
each meeting
I'm also gonna line the outer half of my
lower lash line youe this hurt so much
I'm gonna take medium purple again to
top off the excess and just blend that
bottom line it's just her to accept that
I can't be
now using the lightest shimmery white
purple I'm gonna line the inner corner
of my eye
son when I
I'm gonna take a brush and just blend
out the harsh lines at the top this is
I'm going to use this matte beige white
color as a highlight because I have a
hooded eyelid my eyes need a little bit
more death death and definition so me
using cloud burst by Matt and I'm just
gonna line the outer corner mad
better be treating you I'm gonna lie my
upper waterline
now you want to either apply mascara or
apply false lashes and you really want
to give your eyelashes a nice butterfly
flirty look so I chose to use land comes
Hypnose waterproof mascara because it
gives a nice butterfly look and if you
want to use fake lashes to make sure you
with something thin and butterfly you
because you want to over shade the nice
purple you have on your eyes don't
forget to put mascara on your bottom
lashes too because really not that
bright butterfly looking at back for
blush I'm me using this beautiful
beautiful bright bold pink it's called
poop sheet by Smashbox and it's gorgeous
like really really pigmented you make
everything so damn easy so easy and for
lips I'm using anti sway lip gloss sweet
lipgloss in 308 and it's just a cute
like pink nudies lipgloss shiny color
by the ocean just before
the Jews and look at some cleats so you
guys have a date I'm kind of smoky sent
me smokey on purple not something to die
from the nice and light the spring I
guess and this one looks like
so hope you guys enjoy it please
subscribe comment class to you later
he better be
you